Just say it, play it quickly and hold it. Choose the machine,
Now let’s talk about these past events during the New Year’s Day,
Interesting?
Why is it boring? Seeing the looks of you stupid people,
It's so interesting.
That’s it, I’ll tell you now,
Because you also thought it was ironic back then,
He is the one who lost his clan. pure selection,
You did all this too,
You're not wrong, besides, I've already had my revenge,
He never argued with me,
We accepted the review,
It's okay for him, but it's you,
Zhu Tian will fail in choosing a bride
Family boy, we couldn’t help you before
This time we will avenge you
I'll take revenge on you.
It’s really important to learn everything without doing anything bad, right?
People, you can't even stand to imitate the villagers.
I really embarrass you Yan Zhimen.
I, you are scared of your face.
I'll call it quits when I go back tonight
Let them also blame you, a bunch of innocent people
Let you have the master's super life
Quan Qi Husband, do you think you got 20,000 yuan today?